---
title: The Complete Course JavaScript Essentials From Scratch
published: true
description: >-
  In this course you will learn everything you need to be an expert in
  javascript, no matter if you have no programming experience, you will learn
  from scratch, all you need is a computer and a desire to learn. Take advantage
  of this course and learn the most popular language in the world.
date: 2019-10-29T12:35:59.051Z
cover_image: /images/uploads/curso-javascript-desde-cero.jpg
tags:
  - course
  - udemy
  - javascript
link: 'https://stfly.io/CJFSCRACH'
duration: '7 Hours and 22 Minutes '
oficial: 'https://www.udemy.com/course/javascript-essentials-course/'
---
Today, JavaScript is not only popular, it is universal. JavaScript is a strategically important skill. You can use JavaScript to create web applications, mobile applications, desktop applications, command line utilities, and control IoT devices. You can build "serverless" functions. It is the scripting language of choice for countless applications - even Microsoft Excel has a new JavaScript API!

It works on the server with nodejs, it has been working on browsers since 1995, it works on the Internet Of Things Devices, it is used to create native performance applications, it is used to make cross-platform desktop applications, it is used to power intelligent televisions, you can create music with it, you can create the next generative art of the century using it. I guess these are enough reasons why one should learn JavaScript. In short, it's literally everywhere!

## What will you learn in this course?

You will learn JavaScript from zero to an advanced level, using advanced features such as classes, constants, functions and inheritances. Upgrade to ECMAScript 6 as const, let, classes, super, inheritance and arrow pointer functions. We'll create three projects where we'll practice everything we've learned. Don't wait any longer and learn the only language where you can program from Backend to Fronted.

## Remember 🤓

If you make a donation you will be able to have access to all the courses that we are going to publish without any publicity, the only thing you have to do is leave us your mail in the donation message and you will be able to download the courses without publicity during 30 days, and of course you can continue donating so that you can continue enjoying all the benefits for as long as you want. All the courses will arrive to you by the mail that you put. In addition you will be the first to have the courses even before they are published in the blog. If you have questions about how to make the donation just leave it in the comments and we will respond as soon as possible.

## Topics :

1. Introduction
2. How to Use
3. Getting Started
4. Summary
5. Bonus
